So this game requires the user to guess a psuedo-random number generated by the computer
and for every guess, the computer generates and returns a hint obtained by comparing the
original number and the guess number.

From now on, we will call a number valid if it satisfies the following properties:
1) Firstly, it must be a 4-digit number (1000-9999).
2) The number mustn't contain the digit 0.
3) The number cannot have consecutive digits that are successive.
4) The digits of the number must be unique.

Terms:
Actual Number(AN) - The psuedo-random number generated by the computer.
Guess Number(GN) - The number guessed by the user.

Note that it is given to us that the "Actual Number" is "valid". Also, to ensure consistency
and to keep it simple, the "Guess Number" must also be "valid"(else the user will be prompted
to Try Again!).

So what sort of hint is provided by the computer?
The hint provided is in the form of a text-string of length atmost 4 made using characters in {'P','C'}.
Basically the ordering of the string is not of utmost importance. The number of 'P's in the string indicates
the number of digits "in place". The number of 'C's in the string indicates the number of digits which are
"common but not in place". This may seem confusing but let me provide an illustration.

Example game: (AN=6917)

Welcome to NumNexus
Guess the number! 5823 #invalid because 58"23" violates rule3.
Please check your number. 
Guess the number! 5824 #no numbers are common between GN and AN
Hint: 
Guess the number! 1376 #3 numbers are common between GN and AN but none of them are in the right place
Hint: CCC
Guess the number! 6931 #3 numbers are common between GN and AN and 2 of them are in the right place!
Hint: PPC
Guess the number! 7913 #3 numbers are common between GN and AN and 2 of them are in the right place!
Hint: PPC
Guess the number! 3697 #3 numbers are common between GN and AN and 1 of them is in the right place!
Hint: PCC
Guess the number! 1769 #4 numbers are common between GN and AN and none of them are in the right place!
Hint: CCCC
Guess the number! 6917 #mission accomplished!
Hint: PPPP
You have successfully guessed the number! 

The comments(marked with '#') are not actually printed in the game but are provided here for understanding purposes.

The game ends once the user correctly guesses the number! Clearly, the game is not just a random guessing game 
but involves the use of Permutations and Combinations and other Statistical concepts to complete the game in 
least number of moves although luck is also a factor. For example, the distribution of "valid" numbers at first
glance might seem to be uniform but it is not.
For example, the number of numbers starting with the digit 9 is not the same as those starting with the digit 1
since there are 8 possibilities for filling in the 2nd digit in the former case while just 7 possibilities
for filling in the 2nd digit in the latter case.